Hey, welcome to the internet.
First stop, Nitro.
With 4 bold new Feature Drops.
New themes! Graphic design is my passion
– ON DISCORD! (Match your vibe)
Am I more ‘Crimson Moon’ like my soul?
Or a ‘Citrus Sherbet’ fan?
(Brain freeze!)
Add a little kickflip to your convos
with Super Reactions. (Hype up the chat)
Unleash this – NOT!
[Police sirens] Uh oh! Soundboards!
[Airhorn blasts]
-Did you say bored?
-Whatever!
Use your sounds anywhere.
(Next-level expression)
Is fashion everything? It is now.
(Add flair to your profile)
Avatar Decorations.
Anything can be fashion.
You’ve just been NITRO'd!
Hope you were buckled up.
Nitro just got a lot more Nitro
with these 4 upgrades.
Themes. Super Reactions.
Avatar Decorations. Soundboard.